to forklift drivers move stacks of boxes
around a warehouse it's delicate work
the drivers know you back up too fast
you could knock over a box
maybe knock over a few boxes
that's one way to reach the top shelf
hey did you hear the one about the
blonde in the desert driving a quad
across the dunes with nobody else around
for miles
uh did you hear the one about the blonde
on the skateboard you can do it don't
fall it may look like this skaters using
this roof as a ramp actually he's
playing human pinball
it's a busy morning at the motocross
track and here come the water boys hey
let the pros do the dangerous stuff
they do the stupid stuff
you
Carl here is the best seat stander in
town
of course he's the only seat stander in
Oh No
that bike just couldn't take it anymore
here's how a pro does it he's going to
jump from the sea to the gas tank how
about from the sea to the seat of his
pants
what is it with these suicidal
motorcycles